Document release procedures (#725)
CEED/libCEED: RELEASING.md

# Release Procedures

*These notes are meant for a maintainer to create official releases.*

In preparing a release, create a branch to hold pre-release commits. We ideally want all release mechanics (for all languages) to be in one commit, which will then be tagged. (This will change if/when we stop synchronizing releases across all language bindings.)

## Core C library

Some minor bookkeeping updates are needed when releasing a new version of the core library.

The version number must be updated in

* `include/ceed/ceed.h`
* `ceed.pc.template`
* `Doxyfile`

> Additionally, the release notes in `doc/sphinx/source/releasenotes.rst` should be updated. Use `git log --first-parent v0.7..` to get a sense of the pull requests that have been merged and thus might warrant emphasizing in the release notes. While doing this, gather a couple sentences for key features to highlight on [GitHub releases](https://github.com/CEED/libCEED/releases). The "Current Main" heading needs to be named for the release.

Reviewer: Should we add any reference here in updating the User Manual version? That can easily fall out of date (as it is now)

Reviewer 2: Updated now, and here's a PR for the users manual https://github.com/CEED/libCEED/pull/777

You can find the version history here.
https://zenodo.org/record/4895340

Reviewer: Thanks Jed!

> ### Quality contral and good citizenry

Author: ```suggestion
### Quality control and good citizenry
```

2. Double check testing on any architectures that may not be exercised in continuous integration (e.g., HPC facilities) and with users of libCEED, such as MFEM and PETSc applications. While unsupported changes do not prevent release, it's polite to make a PR to support the new release, and it's good for quality to test before taggin a libCEED release.

3. Update and test all the language bindings (see below) within the branch.

4. Check that `spack install libceed@develop` works prior to tagging. The Spack `libceed/package.py` file should be updated immediately after tagging a release.

### Tagging and releasing on GitHub

0. Confirm all the steps above, including all language bindings.
1. `git commit -am'libCEED 0.8.1'`
More frequently, this is amending the commit message on an in-progress commit, after rebasing if applicable on latest `main`.
2. `git push` updates the PR holding release; opportunity for others to review
3. `git switch main && git merge --ff-only HEAD@{1}` fast-forward merge into `main`
4. `git tag --sign -m'libCEED 0.8.1'`
5. `git push origin main v0.8.1`

> 6. Draft a [new release on GitHub](https://github.com/CEED/libCEED/releases), using the couple sentences gathered for release notes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
6. Draft a [new release on GitHub](https://github.com/CEED/libCEED/releases), using a few sentences gathered from the release notes.
```

registered, and then we can proceed to update LibCEED.jl.

### Updating LibCEED.jl

After the binary wrapper package libCEED_jll has been updated, we are ready to update the main Julia
interface LibCEED.jl. This requires updating the file `julia/LibCEED.jl/Project.toml` in the libCEED
repository. The version number should be incremented, and the dependency on the updated version of
libCEED_jll should be listed:
```diff
diff --git a/julia/LibCEED.jl/Project.toml b/julia/LibCEED.jl/Project.toml
--- a/julia/LibCEED.jl/Project.toml
+++ b/julia/LibCEED.jl/Project.toml
@@ -1,7 +1,7 @@
 name = "LibCEED"
 uuid = "2cd74e05-b976-4426-91fa-5f1011f8952b"
-version = "0.1.0"
+version = "0.1.1"

 [deps]
 CEnum = "fa961155-64e5-5f13-b03f-caf6b980ea82"
@@ -26,4 +26,4 @@ Cassette = "0.3"
 Requires = "1"
 StaticArrays = "0.12"
 UnsafeArrays = "1"
-libCEED_jll = "0.7"
+libCEED_jll = "0.8"
```
Once this change is merged into libCEED's `main` branch, the updated package version can be
registered using the GitHub registrator bot by commenting on the commit:

> @JuliaRegistrator register branch=main subdir=julia/LibCEED.jl

> At this point, the bot should create against the [general Julia

Author: ```suggestion
At this point, the bot should create a PR against the [general Julia
```
